01-intro.md: clarification about the Git Bash name (#1278)
swcarpentry/shell-novice: _episodes/01-intro.md

so-called because it's derived from a shell written by Stephen Bourne).
Bash is the default shell on most modern implementations of Unix and in most packages that provide
Unix-like tools for Windows.

> To avoid that the name 'Git Bash' results in confusion during the Software Carpentries, 
> recall that Bash is a much older piece of software than Git; Git makes it only possible to use the Unix-based shell Bash inside Windows. 
> So, Bash is a flavor of the command shell, and Git Bash is no special flavor of Bash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that 'Git Bash' is a piece of software that enables Windows users to use a Bash like interface
when interacting with Git.
```

Reviewer: @wmotion Is suggested change ok?  We need to close all pull requests to migrate to a new format.
